Diagnostics for improved quality of life,
work, health and well-being.
Roll to roll manufactured diagnostics
is a technology platform which –
integrates printed electronics
and biosensors.
Printed functionality means
integration of electronics –
directly to flexible
and stretchable surfaces.
These platforms can bring diagnostics
from central laboratories –
to point of care locations
or even to homes.
Elastic wearable platforms enable
continuous unobtrusive diagnostics –
during the stay at the hospital,
or during sports or every day life.
We can solve existing diagnostics
manufacturing challenges.
We can also create entirely new
products and production concepts –
utilizing our exceptional
R&D infrastructure, pilot factory, –
and highly skilled
professionals –
working in an international
cooperation network.